Tips to Prevent Your Listings from Being Removed or Banned on Marketplaces Account Age
Let your eBay account sit for a little bit BEFORE listing your rep products.
The reason you wanna let it marinate a little bit first is because a new account listing items DO NOT work well with the algorithm. It will raise suspicion and increase the chances of your account being flagged or even banned.
So basically accounts that sit for a little longer won't get banned or flagged as easily as if it were a brand new account.
Product Listings
So with your listings you're going to want to avoid including serial numbers, because some suppliers reuse serials and they can be identified.
You wanna make sure that your packaging is authentic; for example, genuine Apple AirPods DON'T come wrapped in plastic because they have eco-friendly packaging. So if you include details like this in your photos, it could lead to your listings being removed and bring up confusion and concerns for your buyers. And that's of course NOT what you want.
Sell Genuine Products Too!
A really good thing you guys can do is start by selling actual real products BEFORE introducing replica products on your account. If you have a mix of actual real items, it will make you look more legit and boost your credibility, even when you do start selling replicas.
Optimize Your Profile
Alright let's talk about your profile.
This is actually a very overlooked part in reselling, but that's good because most people don't think about this, so if you listen to this you can stand out and beat your competition.
You want to make yourself look as legit as possible, and like a real human, NOT a bot. You're gonna want to use a clear picture of like a sunset or a bad Asian girl in your profile picture. Use a clear profile picture, and also with your products, give detailed, accurate product descriptions. Both of these things together just adds to your trustworthy points, and online selling can be a bit sketchy sometimes, so if you do the things I just told you, you can avoid being sketchy and in return get more buyers, which equals more sales. That's what you guys want, so make sure you do what I just said.

