SOME SUGGESTIONS
Selling items is usually pretty easy, but sometimes it might get a little tricky especially when arranging meetups. Follow this guide to make sure your meetups are smooth and safe! 

"Where Did You Get This From?"
If buyer asks where you got it from DO NOT SAY IT WAS A GIFT, this is because if you keep the lasting up after and continue to sell them, the buyer will know you lied and will get angry and complain, instead just literally tell them your a reseller, I promise you after that they literally just say "oh ok cool" and have no further questions, way better than saying its a gift
Choose Safe Locations
Meetup where it's busy, where it's a public place like a mall or store with a lot of people around to watch both your safety and the buyer's.
Schedule Daytime Meetups
Meet during the day time to avoid potentially risky nighttime meetings. If you're sketched out your first couple times, you can always bring a friend along if that's an option for you.
Confirm the Price
Agree on the price with the buyer BEFOREHAND to prevent any last-minute bargaining or negotiation.
Prefer Cash Payments
ALWAYS try to get cash when possible. Try to avoid using payment apps that reveal personal info. If you're using payment apps, choose ones that are hard to dispute, such as Cash App, or Apple Pay. You can use payment apps for safe products like clothing, but on electronics and stuff try not to do Zelle or other online payment apps that give personal information, because it gives your whole name and number.
Stay Calm and In Control
Make sure you're relaxed and confident during the meetup. You don't just have to give them the item and dip, you can start some small talk, introduce yourself, and be friendly. Everyone is human bro just be normal, plus you never know what talking to someone can set you up for in the future, so yeah you're reselling, but you can also up your social skills at the same time.
Handle Issues Smoothly
If the buyer finds an issue with the product, keep your composure. If it's damaged, you can act confused, apologize for the inconvenience, and decide how you want to handle the situation.
Always prioritize your safety and security throughout the transaction process. 
